Legends and folklore about mysterious creatures
are embedded into our culture.
As we have gotten older we now recognise these
were merely whimsical fables.
But what if they are not so mythical after
all and actually based in truth.
What if these strange creations have been
living amongst us the entire time...
Here are 5 Mythical Creatures That Could Actually
Exist
Sasquatch Big Foot
When you think of Big Foot the image that
instantly comes to mind is the grainy footage
of a man in a gorilla costume strolling through
the woods.
But there have been reporting's of large ape
like creatures across the Pacific North West
of the US.
It seems like every day a new sighting of
the mysterious beast is reported.
With so many sightings it is becoming harder
and harder to simply pass off as a hoax.
Big foot, also known as Sasquatch, is seen
to be a large a hairy ape like creature that
resides in the deep woods.
It is often referred to as the missing link.
A long forgotten part of our evolutionary
history when we broke apart from our ape ancestor.
Big Foot is a staple of American myth and
the big hairy creature has also appeared in
Native American folklore.
In a report published by Pennsylvania State
University doctoral candidate Josh Stevens
in 2013, there was over 3,313 reports over
92 years of Sasquatch sightings in the USA
alone.
Sightings of the ape put it between 7 to 9
feet tall with hair all over its body.
In 2014 in Jackson Country Missouri a woman
stopped her car when a large creature stomped
across the road.
There had also been a number of other sightings
in the area as well as rock throwings.
In September 2007 a local law enforcement
officer answered an alarm call on a ranch.
While driving he had to slam on the brakes
as a 7 foot tall monster with thick brown
hair stood in his path before sulking off
into the overgrowth.
The officer stated "he couldn't believe what
I was seeing."
There are hundreds more stories similar to
these reported every year.
Could you be the next one to see this mysterious
ape.
Next time you go down in the woods you better
not go alone.
Fairies
Tales of fairies originated in Europe and
these mischievous creatures have spread throughout
the world.
Although these elusive winged creatures tend
to shy away from humans, sightings have been
reported.
Fairies have been reported a number of times
over the recent years in the United Kingdom
especially.
In 2009 Phyllis Bacon took a photo of a fairy
in her garden in South London.
This shocking piece of evidence showed a silver
winged figure hovering over her lawn.
It had distinguished legs, arms and a head
that seemed to glow.
Perhaps the most revealing proof of the existence
of fairies occurred in 2014.
University Lecturer John Hyatt from Lancashire,
England took a series of photos over two years
which featured small winged people.
He has insisted his photos have not been altered
in anyway and that they prove that fairies
truly do exist.
A year later another photograph was captured
of the flying creatures.
A mother of two photographed her family's
day out to a nearby forest in Northampton,
England.
When she got home and looked at her photos
she noticed something quite peculiar.
A mysterious flying creature was hovering
near a hanging bluebell.
At first she passed it off as a fly but her
children were quick to identify it as a fairy.
Sceptics are quick to blame these sightings
as insects or technical glitches, but that
just takes the magic out of it.
Remember, every time someone says they don't
believe in fairies, there is a fairy somewhere
that falls down dead.
Shadow people
Have you ever seen a dark shadowy creature
lurking in the corner of your room only to
switch on your light to discover it was just
a trick of your imagination?
But what if it wasn't?
What if these shadow people were truly watching
you?
Suffers of schizophrenia and hallucinations
often report seeing these mysterious shadowy
entities.
These dark figures are also tied to sleep
paralysis, this is when your mind is conscious
but your body lacks the ability to move.
People often see a dark figure watching them
from the corner of their eyes and have been
known to crawl on top of them.
The victim is helpless to resist.
There have been hundreds of reporting's of
these strange shadowy figures standing at
the end of your bed, doorway and windows.
Shadow people are always described as very
tall, blacker than night and three dimensional.
While some are harmless and take no notice
of you, there are sinister ones around.
Shadow people stalking's are common and people
would often feel a menacing presence when
they are around.
While some people only realise that the shadow
is nothing more than a trick of the light,
others are not so lucky.
People have claimed to experience genuine
encounters and even see them in the day time.
Shadow people do not obey the laws of physics
which has led many to speculate that they
are not from our dimension.
If they can cross dimensions and time then
it would explain how they are able to invade
our dreams.
There have been many sightings of particular
shadow person who wears a hat.
This is something much more menacing with
glowing red eyes and people are instantly
frozen in fear when confronted with it.
Some unfortunate people have seen this figure
creep up throughout their life, always watching,
always waiting.
A young boy once woke up from his sleep to
see a tall black figure standing in his door
way.
At first he thought it was his father and
called out to him.
When it didn’t answer he assumed it was
his sister playing a track on him.
But it did not respond to any of his questions.
Terrified he threw his covers over his head,
when he peeked back the mysterious person
had disappeared.
Shadow people are often seen by many people
on their death bed, waiting for them to die.
A cancer patient reported seeing a shadow
person hovering around his hospital bed.
He begged his wife to take him away but the
shadow only followed him.
Could these mysterious beings be death?
Guiding you to the afterlife?
Next time you see a dark shadow in your bedroom,
don't assume it's just your coat.
Ships
would vanish from out of nowhere and remains
of wrecks would frequently wash up on shore.
These were often thought to be the destruction
caused by The Kraken.
While storms, pirates and mutineers were the
most likely reason for the disappearance of
vessels, there may have been something more
sinister at play.
These stories would only gain in momentum
when a Danish naturalist named Japetus Steens
discovered a large squid beak about 3 inches
in size.
He concluded that the Kraken was in fact real.
Since his initial discovery parts of a large
squid like creatures kept washing up on shore.
Over time it was discovered that these parts
belonged to a giant squid.
Giant squids can reach 15m in length with
some estimating they could reach 18m.
These huge marine animals live at a depth
of 400 to 1000m with eyes the size of dinner
plates and two very long tentacles to snatch
their victims.
The giant squid is an elusive creature that
resides in the deep.
These shy cephalopods are so large and strange
looking it is easy for people to mistake them
as something more maleficent.
Superstitious sailors wild imaginations could
easily transform a squid into a violent beast.
In 2016 a large mysterious creature was spotted
in Google earth.
This sea monster was located near Antarctica
and has driven many to speculate on what it
is.
While some has merely passed it off as a whale
others are not so quick to easily identify
it.
Scott Waring of the UFO Sightings Daily and
said "this looks like the Kraken.
It could be 60+ meters long with tentacles.
That sounds like a Kraken to me"
The ocean is only 5% explored.
Who knows what sinister creatures could be
lurking beneath our waters.
Have you ever experienced the sensation that
you are being watched?
Do you hear bumps in the night only to discover
that you are alone?
You may have experienced a paranormal encounter.
Out of all the mythical creatures, this is
the most likely one to be real.
Some people are comforted by idea that the
dead walk amongst us, while others are less
than enthusiastic about this theory.
Stories of ghosts have been told since the
beginning of time from cultures all around
the world.
In 2009 a PEW Research Center survey found
that 29% of Americans say they have felt in
touch with someone who has already died.
Thousands of photos and videos have caught
ghosts on tape yet people are quick to dismiss
the evidence.
In fact there are said to be over 2000 amateur
ghost hunting groups in the United States
of America.
A wide range of technology is constantly being
advanced to prove the existence of spirits.
Scientific equipment such as Electromagnetic
Field (EMF) detectors, ion detectors, infrared
cameras, and sensitive microphones.
All of which has yielded impressive results.
Everything from eerie voices, flying orbs
and ghostly apparitions have been recorded
yet the wider public continue to reject the
existence
of spirits.
Do you think these mythical creatures live
amongst us or are they just a figment of our
imagination?
What other mythical creatures do you think
could actually exist?
Let us know in the comments.
If you found this mysterious then please share
and like this video.
Also be sure to subscribe because you don't
want to miss what's coming next.
As always, thank you for watching.